bpo-40870: Invalidate usage of some constants with ast.Name (#20649)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2020-06-05-12-48-28.bpo-40870.9cd2sk.rst

> Raise :exc:`ValueError` when validating custom AST's where the constants
> ``True``, ``False`` and ``None`` used with a :class:`ast.Name` node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raise :exc:`ValueError` when validating custom AST's where the constants
``True``, ``False`` and ``None`` are used within a :class:`ast.Name` node.
```
